User Stories for Project 3

Arun Kanumuru, Ben Charles, Varun Patel

1) As a user, I would like to view the postings who's start dates are nearest on the home page in order to make an educated purchase in the future

2) As a user, if I click on a particular posting on the home page, I would like to find more information about that posting. Again, this is in order to make an educated purchase

3) As a user, I would like a fast and easy way to contact the user who created the listing I'm interested in, in order to facilitate a conversation about actually making the purchase

4) As a seller, I would like to create, modify, and delete listings that I may have available, because that information is always changing, and I need to make sure my customers can see the changes

6) As a user, I would like to be able to update my account information at any time, if my email changes, I need to be able to still contact other people on the website

7) As a seller, I would like to upload multiple pictures of the listing I am posting, in order to provide a more wholesome view of the listing I am offering.

// User Authentication, Login, Logout, Create Listing (Project 4)

8) As a logged in user I can see all pages except the Login page. I then click logout on the menu which lets me logout of the system

9) As a logged in user, I can create a listing on the Create Listing page.

10) As a user who isn't logged in, I cannot view the Logout page. If I were to try and go to the Create Listing page, it would lead me to the Login Page.

11) As a user who isn't logged in and does not have an account, the Login page should contain a link to the Create User page where I can create a user. Once I create a user, this should lead
me to the Home Page

12) As a user who's been logged in for an X amount of time without any action, I should be logged out.

13) As a user who isn't logged in, I cannot create a listing. If I try, I am led to the login page and then led back to the create listing page.

// Search (Project 5)

14) As a user looking to sublease homes, I would like to search all available listings to find listings that work best for me.

15) As a user searching listings, I should be able to search by any field I want to.

16) As a non-logged in user, I should not be able to search listings

17) As a logged in user, I should be able to execute a search and depending on the results, search again from the same page

18) As a logged in user, if I execute a search and there are no results, I should get a blank screen

19) As a logged in user, I should be able to execute a search, and be able to go to the specific listing page

20) As a logged in user, I should be able to execute a search, and be able to go back to the home page from the listings page.
